README.md, before:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

Also Hosted live @ https://robert-hunnicutt-florida-blue.netlify.com

### Features List of App Are: 

1. React-Router-Dom
2. Four views available Home, empty cart, cart, 404 page
3. Add an item to need to buy list
4. Delete item from need to buy list
5. Delete whole list from need to buy list
6. error handle - cant add same item to need to buy list
7. conditional render of cart component or empty cart component
8. Locale Storage for data persistance 
9. Mobile Responsive Media query's
10. ES6 / 8 javascript
11. life cycle hooks
12. functional components / state-full components
13. error check add text before clicking add item to need to buy list (try adding empty value)
14. add A search filter!!!
15. add too CART!!!
16. DELETE from cart!!
17. Cannot add same item to cart
18. When adding item to cart, it is removed from Need to buy list...
19. no styling done really  some bootstrap / reactstrap / fontawesome.com

Commit message:

when you delete item from cart it will add item back to need to buy list

README.md, after:

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app).

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.<br>
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

Also Hosted live @ https://robert-hunnicutt-florida-blue.netlify.com

### Features List of App Are: 

1. React-Router-Dom
2. Four views available Home, empty cart, cart, 404 page
3. Add an item to need to buy list
4. Delete item from need to buy list
5. Delete whole list from need to buy list
6. error handle - cant add same item to need to buy list
7. conditional render of cart component or empty cart component
8. Locale Storage for data persistance 
9. Mobile Responsive Media query's
10. ES6 / 8 javascript
11. life cycle hooks
12. functional components / state-full components
13. error check add text before clicking add item to need to buy list (try adding empty value)
14. add A search filter!!!
15. add too CART!!!
16. DELETE from cart!!
17. Cannot add same item to cart
18. When adding item to cart, it is removed from Need to buy list...
19. When deleting from cart, item will be pushed back to the need to by list!!!!
20. no styling done really  some bootstrap / reactstrap / fontawesome.com
